(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind of the coming season is bl
owing In the shining, best rain Lightly
crossing the rough era To the left of
the map, to the city, diving I wanna
dive in paradise Rather than looking at all
the trends I'm gonna steal your
smile Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do Running time, dreams don't
always stop I won't regret tomorrow Everybody
can do Even if I cry a little
bit I don't want to see it
I want to believe in the exciting future
Strongly and high, that's R
yo's Great Escape Oh
ara-kun Yes Did you see the
video just now?
What kind of education do you give to
your subordinates?
Koenmai Escape Room is ranked
as the first place in the ranking of
escape rooms that do not want to be
assigned even in the initial questionnaire.
It's Ryo's!
It's all the responsibility of that idiot!
Thanks to him, my escape room...
I understand how you feel But not supp
ressing Ryo's will also affect your
future No, no, at this rate, my neck
may be in danger I'm counting on
you, Ohara-kun Well,
which one should I play with today?
Ryo-san, today is the tiger
turtle...
There's no one Come on, damn it!
It's a perfect pinch!
Get in the mood and throw it!
Ah!
Even though I pushed it to the ground!
I knew it!
No matter how much you shout, you can
't hear it!
Junpei and Kappei?
Look, if you can hold this time, it
's my victory!
Um, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm apologizing!
Ryo-san wins!
Yes Um, police officer I hit a car
on the guardrail Ah!
You bastard!
I called out to you at a strange
time, so you got hit!
No, I was just hit by a car
I'm taking a break right now!
If you're coming, come later!
Yes, yes, yes It's a relief No
matter what, I won't make any more
mistakes I'm sorry Oh, it's him
again Come in Ah, yes Um, which way
is Kameari Koukai
-do?
G-goodbye I'm sorry Let
's go home Um, Kameari K
oukai...
Koukai-do is...
I lost because of you!
Help me!
I can't stay like this Um, let
's start with the first race You have
a lot of personality That's right This
is like my main job Th-that
voice is...
Boss!
Ah, good weather Ryo-tsu,
come here Ouch, ouch, ouch It's strange
that the boss isn't yelling He's
going through the usual level of anger Look
at this It was on the security camera
at the convenience store in front of the
station It's Senpai What is he
doing?
He's just peeling off the sticker on
the present What's this?
It's not just that He came to
the ice cream shop What is he doing?
Ah, he's pulling out the ice cream
stick and checking if it's a hit
There's more He's buying bread I
wonder what he's looking for I know!
He's checking the date He's fine
with eating rotten food He's trying to
get a new date Hello Hello
It's not hello He's complaining that
the people at the store are bothering him
That's impossible It's not just that
You're in the security camera at the
pachinko shop, the game center,
and the video shop But boss, that's
all outside of work hours Liar!
I'm going to stick to you for
24 hours and check your behavior I'm
going to...
It's hard to do Oh, Ryo
-san As Ryo-san said,
the Akimoto anniversary was perfect
at 3-7 Idiot!
The main building is currently
under construction What are you misunderstanding?
Oh, Ryo-san The barbecue party
at the park was fun Let's do
it again You're mistaken What are you
talking about?
Gather my friends You're the one who
started the fire at the park No, no,
no I'm not the one That's
right Today was the release date of Dor
akame 7 I did it What's
with that face?
It's nothing Stop it!
You're disgusting!
680 yen This is bad Ryo
-san, find it What?
Find it!
Yes, sir I'm sorry While I'm
doing this, Dorakame will be sold
out Dorakame, Dorakame Why
are you in such a hurry?
Nothing Dorakame will be sold out
Dorakame It's bad for my
health I'm going to become a mountain
Wait, Ryo-san What's going
on?
Dorakame, Dorakame, Dorak
ame Ryo-san!
Wait!
Damn, where did he go?
Ryo-san, do you think you
can escape from me?
Let me go, boss Dorakame, Dor
akame will be sold out I'm
going to become a mountain And then you
brought him back?
He tried to escape to buy the new
game software He's just like you, R
yo-chan If that's the case,
I'll hang him If I don't
take him like a dog, I won't
be able to manage this man I'm
sorry, boss I'm trying to manage the
actions of a single person day and night
But I can't do it What?
Who do you think is causing me so
much trouble?
If you're so worried about my actions
Why don't you make a magazine and
lock me up?
You said it Alright, I'll make it
A great magazine What?
This is your workplace and my home No
way!
I'll get the boss's permission You,
the three-faced man who moves From
today on, you work in this prison Let
me out!
I don't like this place!
There's no games, no plastic models, no
TV!
I won't break it even if you
shake it Damn it, remember I'll get
out of here no matter what I
'll show you This
is nothing What's wrong?
You're suddenly getting heavier Okay What's
wrong?
What's this?
It's a big one, Ryotsu
Stop resisting, Ryotsu Where did you
get this from?
I'll keep this This is just the
beginning I'll get you out of here
I'm not kidding There's no TV,
no radio, no manga During the day, I
organize my books And at night, I meditate
for my mental training I can't do
it I also use the hardest persim
mon tree It takes me a year to
chew it with my teeth I need to
find a tool to escape That's...
The tools I need this and this
I'm counting on
you Damn it
I did it You
idiot!
This time...
Okay What's this?
I'm...
Right now...
Here Thank you
It was hard I know What about the
game cassette?
I know Here Yay!
By the way, did you play Dragon Quest?
I did That's great If you succeed
in escaping, come to my house I'll
let you play Really?
Yeah Okay, wait for me I'll definitely
come Did Ryotsu change his mind?
I don't know He seems to be
calm I'll
turn off the generator and escape What?
A blackout?
I think the candle is here I'll
find it Oh, no!
What's wrong?
No way Ryotsu!
There you are I'm sorry, sir I
'm sorry I know What do you think,
Ryotsu?
Sitting there, you can see how stupid I
was I'm sorry, sir I'm sorry
That's good Let's continue Ryots
u seems to have learned a lot He
's sorry like a fool He's not
that kind of person Terai, give me
the key Yes, sir Ryotsu, what
are you doing?
I'm sorry, sir I'm sorry I
'm sorry, sir I'm sorry I'm
sorry, sir I'm sorry, sir Good job,
Ryotsu Damn you, Kozak
ashima I knew it Ryotsu
Oh, no I won't let you go,
Ryotsu There Wait, wait, wait How
's that?
It was so close How
's that, Ryotsu?
This iron wire is covered like a bug
's nest And Like this High
pressure current is flowing through the iron wire
How's that, Ryotsu?
I can't believe it Damn it, this
is the last resort How's Ryots
u doing?
He seems to be doing well I see
There's no way for him to escape
this time But don't let your guard
down It's about time for the first
tunnel's Harry to get out of the
bridge Ouch,
ouch, ouch Didn't you hear something weird?
Weird sound?
Yeah, maybe it was just my imagination That
's strange It's true I wasn't
inside the bridge yet What's with this
floor?
It's floating up Don't step on
it Hey!
Jump!
Get out of the way!
Stop it!
Stop tickling me!
I knew I heard something weird It's
a million!
What?
Could it be Ryotsu?
Oh no!
What are you guys doing?
I can feel your enthusiasm What's with
that outfit?
I'm just so excited What's with
that helmet?
I thought I shouldn't make myself look
bad What's with that rope?
This is fashion, boss It's popular these
days Don't you know?
The first tunnel's Harry can't be
repaired Let's go to the second tunnel
's Tom Alright, I'm going to continue
digging tonight It
's empty I'll go get it No,
it's fine I broke the water pipe!
Huh?
Hold on, hold on!
That's strange What?
Ryotsu!
This is bad!
This is good But I can't go
straight Alright, this way Huh?
This is the sewer Then, this way I
did it!
I escaped!
I'm free!
Just you watch I'm going to get
my revenge Ryotsu ran away?
What?
It's a mole Hurry up and find
Ryotsu!
Yes, sir!
We can't get out like this It
's Ryotsu's doing That's
right Ryotsu, you bastard!
Alright!
There are 100 cockroaches on the right
And 100 honey bees on the left Which
one do you want?
Where did you get that?
Don't be stupid!
Oh, you want both?
Then come on!
Ryotsu!
And there's a lot of firewood
and firecrackers How
's that?
This is what happens when you turn me
into an enemy Oh, no!
I got you, Ryotsu!
Ouch!
There's a meteorite on my back!
I wonder if Ohara is doing well
Ouch!
Don't make me blush!
Chief, help me!
Isn't that a joke?
A joke!
Ouch!
I was serious!
Thanks to the hole you made, we were
saved That's right Damn it!
I'm the only one who's free!
You guys are useless!
Ouch!
Ohara, what are you doing?
Chief!
This is...
It's a firework training...
Chief, help me!
I won't do it again!
Please!
Ohara Yes, sir Let's pretend this
runway never existed Hey!
I'm still alive!
SOS!
Chief!
How dare you destroy my racing car!
It cost me 100,000 yen to fix
it!
We don't need the police in this
world!
You should take responsibility as a human being!
Next time, on Hinokibur
o, A Romance of Men!
Look forward to it!
Even if it rains today Tomorrow
will be sunny Bye bye Let's shake
hands Let's say goodbye to bad things
Oh yeah Let's live the way we
want Good things will happen Outside the door,
the sun is calling